lol, someone make this gem, awesome meme conceptCome on man, i banned you before, then unbanned you for shilling this coin way too much PER DAY !
bro, only one shill per day? ok
WARNING: 
1) Do not trust DMs from anyone offering to help/support you with your funds (Scammers)! 
2) Never give out your Seed Phrase and DO NOT ENTER it on ANY websites sent to you.
3) MODS or Community Managers will NEVER DM you first regarding your funds/wallet.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/solana) if you have any questions or concerns.*
No need to "shill" it everyday, users know about it at this point, no need to make duplicate posts every single day !  


PS: we'll be deleting all these Meme Coins soon enough, anyone wanna post something related to meme coins needs to take it to the Weekly Discussion thread.
okay, just don't delete this post, and I will stop posting, lol.
This sub has the most relaxed mods on all of Reddit and you managed to get banned lol bozo
this wonderful man unbanned me! so everything is ok
😂
How much exit liquidity do you get with each post?
Solana going on this absolute rip brings back some memories. I remember just a couple weeks ago the tool claiming we would see sub 40 because of some nonsense he squiggled on a chart. Blocked me after mocking him. Don’t try to use the sub to short during a bull run son. Lmao. 🫶🏿WARNING: 
1) Do not trust DMs from anyone offering to help/support you with your funds (Scammers)! 
2) Never give out your Seed Phrase and DO NOT ENTER it on ANY websites sent to you.
3) MODS or Community Managers will NEVER DM you first regarding your funds/wallet.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/solana) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I’ve been inversing r/cc and accumulating solana and staking. 

Ain’t selling nothing until after bitcoin blow off top in 2025. 

Solana is only going to grow, firedancer will be great.
The only bearish behavior I’ve committed against Solana is occasionally closing irresponsibly high leverage longs for large profits. This train isn’t stopping.
I never thought I'd have as much fun in crypto again as I did last bull on Harmony. I'm having a blast right now on Solana and it keeps getting better
I’ve been sniping and doing high leverage longs a several times a day just because I can. And buying up shitcoins left and right. It’s pretty dope to actually be able to use crypto this seamlessly.
A lot of people are still in denial about the Bull starting.
Even more people are in denial that Solana is going to be the chain that brings mass adoption.
And the chain feels so great. I used Solana a good amount last bull but the chain was awful some days. Huge delays. They really improved it a lot
Yeah it would have been hard last run to pull off some of this behavior. The lag is mostly gone. Really is a joy to use now.
Remember when Solana was like 12$?To all my HODLERS, remember when everybody was talking all that crap on the cryptocurrency sub because of SBF and FTX and all that? Now look at us it's so satisfying to see. I'm sorry I've got nobody to talk to about this and I wanted to vent this feeling😂😂🫶🫶WARNING: 
1) Do not trust DMs from anyone offering to help/support you with your funds (Scammers)! 
2) Never give out your Seed Phrase and DO NOT ENTER it on ANY websites sent to you.
3) MODS or Community Managers will NEVER DM you first regarding your funds/wallet.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/solana) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I knew it would pump, just not this fast.
Everytime I refresh my browser it goes up.
Should I buy more??😵‍💫
I remember how it surged upward to
250 or so in 2021, faster than this.
Agreed.  I just posted a month or so ago expecting Solana to go up to $40 as a big jump
This is not the first time SOL reaches $85. We have seen better days in the past, I advise everyone let’s stay true to SOL and past the ATH, which will be $260 (2021). We will celebrate after reaching previous ATH.

I’ve confidence that this bull may pass previous ATH, and that’s not all, we shud sustain the high til the next halving bull to set a new ATH. That will bring SOL investor confidence.
Stop it with the hopium, ima die from excitement.
I doubled down the last year on Solana and bought 150 more between $ 10 and $20 and I am grateful I did.
Good job.
Same, then sold enough at $65 to keep a decent bag and have a DCA of $0. Feels good to finally be here!
Love to hear that!
I remember when it hit $8 I should have dumped my entire savings into it then
That’s what I did around 12, up 72k right now.
I would've took out a loan, sold my car and all of my possessions if I knew what was coming. And also I would've opened a SOL long at x5 leverage.
I literally bought 10 SOL at $9. It’s not a brag, I’ve sat around for the past week wondering why I didn’t get 100 or 1000 at that price 🤦🏻‍♂️🤡
Happy man with the euro/cost avg... Siting at  €19.. YUP I SAID💯👌🇮🇪💪
Great bunch of lad! I am European too!!! From Spain my fellow celtic friend💪
And it may reach $100 before end of year. People are still very very early to the party. If you don’t hold sol, do yourself a favour and buy at least 1 or 10 depending on your funds. Every bag counts no matter the size🚀
Love the optimism
It may?
Bruh, give it a day
Just remember to realize some of those gains fellow hloders
Best feeling ever.
Imagine people ll be discussing in this sub in the future , when Solana moves from 3000$ back to 2500 … burn 🔥 ll be yuuuugggeeee
I hope to god you’re right bout them numbers
And it was just 2 months ago. How time flies and so does the bears
the number of people that bought > $200 and sold < $20 is non-zero
I remember people posting that they were selling when it popped above 20 and they would buy back when it dropped to 5. Wonder how that worked out? I have some that cost 200 and more that cost 15.
You will only hear from the winners here.
I DCA doubled my bag when it was $14… before that my avg was around $150 - so I’m probably around even now heh.
Not selling a single SOL before ~500$
i remember when it was $3 then $260 then  $8 i’ve been on sol since the beginning and through the rollercoaster. i should be able to payoff my house in CA and buy a used car in cash but probably not selling yet😅
Daaaamn and I thought I was a veteran, been a Solbro since April 2021? I can't really tell but you Sir...
You remind me of the lion meme from Lord of the Rings😂😂😂
Nice
I remember when it was 0.70 I didn't touch it cause I didn't like the name should have read the white paper lol
The people on the big cryptocurrency sub are mostly fukwits. They hate so much on so many things and 9/10 times are wrong lol. I dont hold solana but it seems it has great backing and going to continue to do well and hope it does.
I remember when it was £6.65 on 31st of December could say filling up my bag was an understament
Slow and Steady wins the race..   


Just keep HODLING people..
Bought at around 30 last cycle. Been DCA all year. Can’t believe we bought at $14 earlier this year
I want to buy in but it feels like there should be a pull back soon at some point.  But every day I look at the chart it's higher.
First time in my life being on the other side of a liquidation. It was great.
Precisely!

-> intermediate profits taken
-> initial investment offset (to say the least)
-> remaining SOL bag not to be touched until…

So loving to experience this after a volatile journey ever since entry back in 2020.

🫶🏾
I won't lie I was one of those idiots that did little research on Sol and scared myself from investing in this token earlier. I even told myself "damn this is definitely a good buy opportunity if this goes up" but I didn't think it had much upside. 

I did however bite the bullet and went all before the huge momentum around the $20 mark. But man I wish I listened to my gut earlier and did more research.
Bought around 2600 SOL at $19 and then $26. Swung trade a bit to get 3000 SOL when we had that pullback to $51. Have made some great money this past month but I am selling a decent bit today at $94 and will sell more should we get to $113.
Jesus Christ if that's true that's over 250k... Didn't know redditors could have that much money, Pardon my yokelness.
I am loving to low key smugness in this sub by those who bought in below 15$ and held ... like me.

It's way better than the FUD that has dominated for so long.  

It's gonna be great when the wider market changes its tune too...
Remember when it was $250!
I did not buy enough 😅😭
I held off buying the low as we were about to purchase a house. The sale fell through and now I am without a house and without a buttload of SOL 🙃. Happy for those who bought however!

Would you recommend buying now?
Same thing, I was looking at it when it was $8, but had to give a deposit for the apartment. Now when I look at it I could have comfortably bought 100-200 SOL, never gonna forgive myself for that decision.
I loaded up at 8 dollars. But some life events made me cash out at 14... I'm really sad. 

The other day I bought 450 sol at 68, last night I sold at 83.. again, I'm really sad
I bought my first 10 Sol at 200$ and i am still holding them. I bought constantly more and even 20 Sol at 9$, staked all the time and have now over 200 Sol. I believed in this coin for so long and now we get the rewards. Nice community and fck the fud. To the moon guys🚀
Eth maxis shorting solana been recked royally 

We will be flippening them 😘
1 SOL > 1 ETH soon. Sounds impossible but let's wait and see.
The flippening will happen. 

Not eth flipping Bitcoin rather Solana will flip ethereum.

I love Bitcoin and I love our solana community. 

We stronk together fam ❤️
I remember the panic very well. When it went down....
[deleted]
Found the time traveller
When was Sol ever at 400? The ath was like 260.00.
I only have 50 sol, wish I bought more 😭
Yes I shorted it at the time thinking it will follow FTT into the ground, definitely didn't work out
I bought 55 SOL at 14 $ , my regrets is that I bought only 55. Just stake it , I don't Sell first than 500$
Put like a hundred bucks in it back then. I shoulda bought more.
I still couldn't be confident by sol.
high risk high return and it's worth. noone know the bottom and could lose missing out.   dca at the fear and when rebound. then stop dca and wait yo take profit only.  i keep dca since way down 25 to 15 and up to 30  then stop dcaing.   but not much invest now cuz i used to get greedy at the past
genuine question, I’ve been reading the crypto subreddit and people there are expressing concern that as SBF has been approved to dump his Solana holdings, there is a possibility he is waiting for the price to hit a certain point high enough to sell to cover some of his debts,  meaning the price will crash.

is this FUD?
The more the FUD, the higher the price will go up.
Pancake swap next.
I bought at $25 to repatriate some overseas gambling winnings… very worried that I’ll get boned on taxes this year
Yeap. Totally missed the bottom. Thanks to meme season on SoL we are accumulating SOL
I was here. But I never saw the shit talk. I just knew a fire sale when I saw one.
HODL and stake with the highest trusted APR you can find!
I bought sol Jan 1 23.   I had 18 of them. Then Robinhood delisted.   I sold. I should have just sent them to my wallet.  What a mistake
Man, this is the EXACT reason I decided to get into Solana. Anyone remember the last bull run? I do!!! Normally, I would say wait, but from what I'm seeing, Solana seems to be doing the same thing as last time. Small, dips here and there but it's like a damn tank. Pushes on through and keeps climbing. Seems like everytime you check the charts, up and up and up. 

The only thing I plan on doing is reaching a point where I not buying anymore. Pretty close at this point, at least for me. This cycle will play out and we will crash back down into oblivion. That's when I'll buy again. Still some other good projects with alot of room to grow in price. INJ, AVAX, KUJI, which I'm holding. VET is my next play, and it's dipping right now. Gotta go!
Kickin myself for not buying back in like I said I would after RH was forced to delist it.
I bought around 9$ but only 2, fuck me
Kicking myself in the foot I sold off mine and got rid of it
I tried putting my ex on sol when it was literally 3$ or something around there …. Here we are almost a 100$ and I couldn’t be happier 😂🏆😎🥶
Should I buy more now or sell ?
I told solana under 30 is worth to buy and some laugh to me, 
Now🤑🤑🤑
Super boner time
It was actually $8 for a very brief moment. Hard to believe it was slightly less than a year ago!
Of purse I do, during the SeC drama…I bought at $13 haha
I think Sol will reach higher than many expectations. I don't, think $1xxx is unreasonable as this block chain flips past Eth down the road.
It even went down to around $9, and I was waiting for it to go below $5. Hahahaha!
I member!

Would've had an extra 70-80 SOL but I lost it on NFT loans through Citrus. At the start of the bull the NFTs dropped so no on repaid them.
I’m have 33 sol with an average cost around $34, my regret is not buying more, lol
Bought at 13 after the crash knowing nothing about it. Only got $300 worth, bought a significant position around 40 though. Knew it would be going up this high but wish it woulda taken longer, wanted to buy more 🤷‍♀️
Still got 100 sol, proud to say
Did anyone in here get SOL at $8? If so congrats and fuck you. 😂
Ima get a heart attack if this continues. And we're not even really in the bull market, wtf is going on. We're still pre-halving. What the hell?
I would wait until it falls at least at 65$ sth like that or at least, until its price go a little bit down. It is what it does, goes up to fall down in a matter of days, it did just the same a couple days ago. I sold at 71 and bought again at 68, that's what I do sometimes, you can earn some SOL like that, but be careful with the Bogdanoff twins.
The fomo is real. also the bogdanoff is real.
Dont listen to the “I would wait until…” because thats timing the market and one thing Ive learned is DCA is the way. I started buying at $9 $15 $26 $40. Im up $700. Im still buying btw
That's a nice strategy and you are right not listening to people. Love to see somebody doing its own thing and not listening because nobody really knows...
I bought a bag of Neon evm instead, but I might buy a few more SOL if we get a decent dip.
Other projects too look at?
I acually sold 2 at 200. Bought 20 when it was down at 25. Do i feel Like a genius? Yes. Am i a genius? No. I made so many mistakes in Crypto, this is one of the few things i got right...
I sold my bag of 250 at 32$ :D. At least I got back in around 45.
Good job, I reentered around 12 and kept buying and trading all of my alts until about $23 (other than my ETH bag). Up 89k on SOL right now.
Nice brother!!!
Don't forget to take some profits. Don't throw it all away, but try to avoid running it all the way down again xD.
Bruh iykyk…
Yep agreed
Damn you spoke facts here.
back in 2021 on a different reddit account i had to defend myself when i wrote that one day solana will be top 3 coins.. wish i had kept a screenshot or something😂😂😂 i think i wrote that on a cardano reddit community page🤡
Other crypto subreddits suck man,they were all throwing dirt to us saying SOL was centralized blah blah blah.
I think they're just frustrated lol😂
yeah spanish is not for everyone I suppose
I got done by my wedding! Still, hodl'd my 2021 bag all the way from about $248 down to $8 and good to see it coming back... switched the entire eth bag over too about a month ago. Need to come up with a profit taking strategy 24' instead of getting sucked in.
I think IMX will go to $10 easy if Bitcoin goes to ATH. Beam is still an early gaming coin with good partnerships and potential. I think Myria(Gala clone) is backed by some knowledgeable people in the crypto space, I have a bag of that. I think Neon is a huge opportunity aside from the shitty tokenomics. VC can sell their pumped bull run bags in 6 months. The project is good though, so hopefully less selling.
I want IMX to crosschain into SOL but they're too scared
Keep an eye on Nervos network. They have a solid team and there’s massive growth potential and adoption during the next bull
“I was there when it was written”
I remember. We Solana hodlers were laughed at, dissed, project doomed to die. 

Not all of us gave up hope..

James from invest answers never changed his thesis and he was ridiculed by so many eth maxis. 

We may forgive but we don’t forget.
