Daily Discussion, December 28, 2023Please utilize this sticky thread for all general **Bitcoin** discussions! If you see posts on the front page or /r/Bitcoin/new which are better suited for this daily discussion thread, please help out by directing the OP to this thread instead. Thank you!

If you don't get an answer to your question, you can try phrasing it differently or commenting again tomorrow.

Please check the [previous discussion thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/18rtmas/daily_discussion_december_27_2023/) for unanswered questions.Gief Relai invite code.
REL54130
🦀
Well I guess SEC is all over Saylor Academy learning about BTC. Website has been down for days now.
>Website has been down for days now.

I was on it just yesterday.
Wut...? Dude, get that tinfoil hat adjusted, it's cutting off circulation to the brain.
lulz
All the BlackRock employees have been given some homework over the holidays
Did Coinbase just F*** me? Why did I buy at 43.7k when it's at 43k?!Use advanced trade within Coinbase in the future. It's free to use and just requires you to bank transfer the money to coinbase prior. The fees are less than 1% this way.

Edit: added within coinbase to ensure its clear.
Good advice. But be prepared for the hold time when doing this, OP. I believe it's currently 9 days (before you can withdraw) when purchasing this way. Still worth it for the money saved, though.
Could I transfer from my PayPal acc to coinbase then from cb to advanced trade?
But is it possible to DCA then ?
How much is advanced trading?
Is advanced trade a company or program?  Or is it an option in coinbase?
Except they also increase the Coinbase trading fee when you do advance trade
Please use advanced trade, that’s a rip off

Huge spread and enormous fees

With advanced trade you would have saved more than $100 for just 2 clicks more
That's the new version of Pro right? Haven't touched crypto since 2021 but that's just ridiculous. Thanks.
Yeah the spread is fucking insane. However, I feel like I remember this being a coinbase issue from day one. I can't remember a time where Coinbase's spread on your buy wasn't criminal.
I have the same problem with kraken. Price is 38,7 and stated to buy at 39,1. is that normal?
thats how they make money. they set a premium on the price and pocket the difference.
Seriously since when? The high fees aren't enough smh lol. Thanks anyways.
You didn’t use advanced trade. Classic rookie mistake. Learn about setting limit orders so you pay exact + trading fee.
Use Strike next time, IMO. If you have to use Coinbase, use Advanced Trade (which used to be called Coinbase Pro).
That’s their spread. Should have bought in the coinbase pro dashboard and just set a limit order.
Same as ever…. High fees.
What time zone are you in? I ask because the price has been fluctuating at levels reaching even that much during the past few hours, so it might not be so far from what the price actually was when you bought it.
Use a broker, pay the spread. Use an exchange, pay the trading fee.

Really that fee wasn't so bad. Maybe 1.5%?
Why pay 1.5%, when Coinbase Advanced trade offers sub 0.5%?
Totally normal I had the same thaught but I read the question mark disclaimer
$86 in fees for a $5k purchase. Are you crazy?  Use the Advanced trade option and set a limit order.   
Fee would have been $27.50 at 0.55%, or even less depending on your trade volume.
Robinhood has a spread of 0.33%. I only hold $2500 in Bitcoin though (bought at $35k). I think these fees are ridiculous.
Kraken Pro is the way imo
is kraken pro paid or can any normal kraken user use it?
Fark that's a huge spread. Had the audacity to charge you 80 on top of that as well 😂
It's likely a combination of buying instantly and the bid ask spread and fees.  You can do better if you place limit orders but it will not fill right away.
This is the type of crap that will keep crypto from going main stream.
That was not the first time and last time CB F\*\*\*\* you!
What's $43k? The buy price?

Because if the "advertised price" is $43k, that's going to be the sell price - and the buy price is always going to be higher because its the spread and includes the broker fees for facilitating the transaction.

People on here are saying its an "advanced trade" thing though, and so I'm guessing they're already aware of the above and have ruled it out (as the above principle is common for literally any type of stock or currency trade).
Also wondering this. 🤔 won't advance trade or limit buy ALSO include these fees plus profit margins for the exchange??

I know what it does is say: buy when it reaches $43k value, and it triggers the purchase at that price.

Because of these transaction fees and other, won't the purchase be triggered at a $43k÷x price instead?
Set a limit order next time
There's no way this ate up all the open orders. The limit is not the issue here.
Spread spread spread it out! Fee 🧚🏻‍♀️ fee 🧚 fee 🧚‍♂️ as well! Watch the spread % before you order I only buy when it’s below 0.1%
Probably cause of the spread and fees?
That’s how they make $$
lol learn how to use a spot order book, you scammed yourself
Always use limit orders never perform market buys.
same happened to me, i exchanged fiat for usdt, ended up losing $200
Yeah, I don't know why he is arguing. It even reaches between 5% to 11% on other platforms like Binance, Moonpay, and others. 2% is really good.
You did a market buy. Market buys don't specify a price. Next time make a limit order if you want to buy at a specific price.
So yes, you paid the top end of coinbase’s spread. But that’s also not entirely just bs from them. Coinbase is a slightly illiquid exchange. When spot buying pressure is high, like it is now, Coinbase always trades at a premium due to normal market making pressure. Plus their profit margin :D.
Called the Ask price
Looks like they made trading super easy for you /s
Spreaddddddddddddd
Nothing new under the Sun. Coinbase fucking their customers one after the other. And we still fall for it. 

If you are non-tech person like me. Get a Ledger. Never leave your BTC in coinbase app. Or any other dumb exchange. Look for the cheapest “reliable” one, buy then send to hardware wallet immediately.

I had my account frozen for years for no reason at all. Had to get lawyer advice even. Never again. Thanks Coinbase for forcing me to be smarter 😊
What happens if you were to lose your hardware wallet?
Should be upset with yourself, if you had bought a few months ago it would have been half the price.
Not gonna be upset when it goes to $100k+ :)
It was only 1/2 twelve months ago.
You already fcked up by even thinking buying btc when it’s at 43k
Welcome to the matrix
JIykasa
Limit order or market order? Or neither because the app does not give such option to choose?

Back many years ago, Coinbase would close down its customers account, causing countless financial losses. Customers would not get their account nor money back unless with the help of lawyers. Back then, people still promoted Coinbase for affiliate fee. And today, more and more people still use Coinbase to buy and trade. At BBB rating, Coinbase was rated F with over 90% of negative 1-star reviews.

Sometimes I do wonder if humans are generally created to be super dumb, naturally.

Refer to BBB here at [https://www.bbb.org/us/ca/san-francisco/profile/financial-services/coinbase-inc-1116-454104](https://www.bbb.org/us/ca/san-francisco/profile/financial-services/coinbase-inc-1116-454104) and go through all the latest reviews. Last time, several years ago, before all the stuff about Coinbase Pro, things were much much more worse.

Ever wonder how and why Coinbase can be so big and so rich? It's not because of good product quality or service. It's about stealing many thousands from each customer, from all the customers.
BBB is a complete scam and shouldn’t be used as a reference for anything really.
People love to hate on CDC, but im still yet to do a test buy where I don't get the best price from there once the "buy" is complete. 

I've done it multiple times now where I buy the same dollar amount (final total price all in) on 3 different exchanges at the same time. 

It's always the most BTC on CDC once everything settles. 

Have done this test with CDC against Coinbase, CashApp, Venmo, Robinhood, Venmo, PayPal, Trust, MM.

I do not have CDC exchange.
Happens on robinhood too. It gets filled at a higher price when buying and filled at a lower price when selling. Normally just off by 100s of dollars but definitely matters
Erherscan; check that
 found this out to my surprise my using Kraken. They said to do Kraken pro but similar to this, you had to send money over manually first and the time to get your purchase out and into your hard wallet too many days. I instead used Cash app as it was less the price to pay and was an instantaneous purchase and far quicker withdraw into my hard wallet.
>you had to send money over manually first and the time to get your purchase out and into your hard wallet too many days.

What are you on about? Once you initiate a withdraw to your hardwallet from Kraken, you are almost always guaranteed to be in the next block. Never would it take days. I withdraw to my hardware wallet once a week on Kraken. 

My deposites are near instantaneous as well from my bank account. 

Kraken Pro spread, trading fees and withdrawal fees are much lower than Cashapp.
You buy paper btc, you diserve it.

Buy on dex next time.
S
lol
Damn i couldve used those $86
I can recommend Bitvavo in Europe it’s the beste exchange in my opinion with lowest fees.
I used to use Coinbase, but I switched to Blockforia. But it's only open for EU customers.
Is it actually cheaper or just a scammy ad?
86 USD fee... yeah you got fucked
Should I be doing market orders or limit orders on Coinbase advanced trade?
Hold it till summer, pretty sure it's supposed to pop because of the halving
you bought on market or on limit
You didn’t buy it using limit order.
86 usd fee 🙄😐
because you bought when the price was 43,7 yesterday
#S
Ever heard of a limit order?
86 usd in fees ?! Oh man I paying 5 usd in fees for orders that big I use easycrypto.com but you have to have external wallet
just buy on strike.
This is literally how every crypto exchange works when you open a basic account and “buy” crypto from the exchange. They set whatever price they like and sell you what they have in their inventory.
Crypto exchanges are not just exchanges, they are brokers. Imagine if the NYSE was both an exchange (an order book matching buyers and sellers of things) and a broker (sold you their own inventory). Wouldn’t that be a conflict of interest? Yes. That’s why they aren’t both. Crypto “exchanges” actually make most of their money off of being a broker to newbs with their fiat rails, and make less money being an exchange (matching two parties to trade with each other).
Use Kraken
God I love Bitvavo, reading all this shite
There's always a premium for spot buying 🤷
Skill issue lmao.
Probably that whole company is a damn scam. You can’t even get in contact with a real person if you need any kind of support lol
First time buying on an exchange?  Spread
Just use CASH APP
Spread
Slippage
Noooob
It seems to happen to me every time I buy on there
Forget the price, what are those fees? $86? No f**ing way. That’s ridiculous
It's called a spread.
Fucking fees. How you people can use coinbase on regular basis
I use coinbase pro to avoid those fees 30bucks a month would have paid for itself in thst 1 trade 3 times over
Yup spread dem cheeks
Is this just new accounts? I can buy using advanced trade and instantly withdraw to my cold wallet.
I don't think so. It's always been this way for me.

It's when you deposit money from your bank for trading. Right before you click the deposit confim button, it says, "Buy crypto instantly while we wait for your funds. You can cash out your funds in 9 days."

Edit: spelling
Just newer accounts. I do not have an issue sending after advanced trading.
The money has to have cleared from the bank to CB.

If it hasn't, you can't withdraw your funds.

But I don't have any subscription service with CB.
I think you can, but only of you are in the US.
Yes. Manually.
It's free to use however theres still a purchasing fee, which i believe is about 0.6%. Just deposit onto coinbase using bank transfer, then use the feature within the app.
https://www.coinbase.com/advanced-fees
In the coinbase interface.  At least in north America
it used to be a separate app but they integrated it in the main one. its just an option now
An option
Regardless, it's the cheapest method of buying through coinbase.
Yes!
On the sell too. 

I sold a BTC last bull for 58k and my fee was 800. Ugh
Since always, basically.  Their "advanced" version, which used to be Pro, would have saved you hundreds of dollars.  But, now you know.
Used to be gdax I think? Or is it kraken that got it?
Since always. Almost all major exchanges do this, if you can just "buy bitcoin" without seeing an order book they'll mark up the price significantly.

Expensive way to learn though.
Oh, yes, absolutely. The more sats for the buck, the better.

I'm just saying, looking at it as "$700 higher" may be a bit misleading. OP did fine by that purchase. They'll be in profit soon enough.
Exactly the price could easily change that much in an hour, so it’s like crying over spilled milk. Just make sure you stop spilling milk OP
Hmm.. well my guess would be...

* Buy orders are always triggered at buy price ie. inclusive of fees etc.
* Upon making a buy order, you can choose to either buy at the price auto-presented to you (in OPs case, $43.7k) or else choose $43k.
* But then that $43k buy order will include fees, and so its triggering will coincide with the "advertised" price (i.e. sell price) being something like $42.3k
Get another one. You can recover everything with your seed phrase (which you must never tell anyone or type in anywhere online). The hardware wallet is not actually where the coins are 'located'.
Same thing that would happen eventually if you leave it in Coinbase. You would loose it all 😂. However, If you still have seed phrase nothing will happen to your BTC, just buy new hardware wallet that supports BIP39, import it

Tbh the least you can do is not lose it. It’s not that hard just own the responsibility of personal sovereignty. Take it seriously. You can only gain from that in all aspects of your life.

Ledger also has something called Ledger Recover, which apparently solves this issue. I personally don’t trust it at all. Only trust myself and my family. Consequences of being born in a corrupt shitty 3rd world country 😂

Also as a backup, If you have a little safe vault at home (like the ones they usually have in hotels). Leave it in there and you’ll never lose it 

Stay safe and do not share it with anyone, also do not engage in any wallet sync solutions like wallet connect or those things. Always have a hot wallet (random apps) and a cold wallet (ledger)🧡Keep your cold wallet as clean as possible. Only transfer out small amounts to another hot wallet that is yours. And you will be safe.
Now this is a dumb question from someone who doesn’t know how hardware wallets work. You can loose ur wallet 1 and 1000 times … all you need is ur seedphrase to get back into ur ledger.
Bruh
A HW wallet just keeps your seed phrase safe.  If you lose it, you can setup a new one with the same seed phrase.  Obviously you gotta keep that seed secret and never enter it anywhere but the device itself, or someone else can do the same and steal your stash.
Can't the "hardware wallet" be my mind then? If the only thing a HW does is keeping the seed safe? I can memorize that. Can't I just skip buying a hardware wallet all together?
Hope you’re holding for years and won’t sell on the next 10k dip
True true but you're already 5k down and will lie to yourself that when it goes up you are up when in reality you're still down
Which is the bigger scam? Coinbase that closes down countless of customers' accounts along with all the funds for no reason? Or BBB that gave low rating based on reviews received by victimized Coinbase customers? It is BBB that saved me the trouble from using Coinbase, by avoiding it entirely. Imagine how many other people that would get saved if only they knew.
I’m not disagreeing with anything you said, just that BBB scores mean nothing.
I never compared detailed pricing; I just know the price is the price, and not "added", like with the OP.
That's very odd. For me, using monzo to easy bank transfer to coinbase, I can instantly withdraw my BTC to a cold wallet. I wonder why your account doesn't allow it.
Monzo, so you're in the UK. He's in the US, their banking systems are how ours were 20 years ago.
Funds are only held 9 days when the purchase is made via a connected bank account. Use a debit card from the same bank account and your purchase is instantly available.
Yes, this was what we were talking about (purchasing after making a deposit first). Because if you wanna use Advanced Trading you have to deposit first: the pay options are USD and USDC.

The regular/basic buy section has more payment options (including debit and Google Pay) but Advanced Trading has lower fees.
Coinbase Advanced used to be GDAX, correct. Kraken also has consumer and pro versions. However, unlike Coinbase, you get a fair value when using the consumer version.
gdax
Well, unless your mind is able to derive private keys from that seed, construct and sign transactions, the answer is no.
What happens when you get hit in the head randomly one day and forget you seed? Or you get diagnosed with having memory issues. Just hide your seed in a fireproof safe or lockbox somewhere.
So all US have to wait 9 days? That's insane.
I think it’s for AML reasons. 

At least I hope it is…
Yeah, I was thinking it sounded like some American shenanigans.
HilariousYes why buy an apple for a penny when you could buy it for a dollar. Amazing
A dollar that's worth a penny.
You buy the apple for a penny then you sell the apple for a dollar* fixed it for you
Because you sell apples
Saving money is bad for the economy, guys.

Do your part and spend yourself into poverty. 

For the economy.
I’m gonna *CONSOOOOOM*
The non-stop growth of the economy in the past 150 yrars worldwide was mainly based on people spending their money and easy access to credit, though...
Printing more money out of nowhere is always the answer
Oh nooo, humans only buying what’s necessary?? What an awful thing. Maybe then we wouldn’t spend money on things that are batshit tarded like wars, sweatshop electronics/clothes, or other products that are directly from slave labor. Maybe we wouldn’t be forced to spend our money on real estate as an in investment to have a shot at retiring at 70 years but instead as a place to, you know, live In. 

A deflationary currency is the only hope we have to live sustainably on Earth.
In fact many people don’t even see that a currency like BTC would also fix blind consumerism. It would also deter companies from investing so much money into advertising and influencing consumers (because it would be more profitable to leave your money in BTC)
Spot on
The bankers and financiers are badly overplaying their hands, again, and people are starting to catch on to the scam.

Real wealth is tangible things produced with tangible effort. Loans made out of thin-air 'money' require no effort and are entirely ephemeral.

But if those loans are used to acquire real ownership of real assets, then something has been exchanged for nothing and one party is getting screwed.

Chris Martenson
Exactly. And this is why, if done sensibly, it is a very good idea to borrow imaginary fiat to buy Bitcoin.
Gold standard never existed I guess
Ya i guess the 18th and 19th century just never happened
And that is why nobody has ever bought a new TV. 

Why buy one when next year the exact same TV will be cheaper, guaranteed. Just wait. It's a known deflationary asset.
A deflationary economy to my knowledge has never existed. 
And the OP does make valid points to a degree. 
But I would say you can play both sides. Hold BTC, if it takes off great, but also buy property on mortgage. If BTC doesn’t take off, but inflation keeps going the mortgage is worth less and less each year.
These points are not valid. An economy growing at break-neck speeds is not a good thing. It’s especially not a good thing that every freaking human has their retirement plant reliant on the hope that the economy grows infinitely. We live on a planet with finite resources and finite space. Infinite growth is not possible, we will continue to sacrifice the wellbeing of the next generations to appease the boomers, gen x and if we’re lucky, older millennials. We are absolutely fucked if we keep this pace of growth up. I hate to be dramatic but Bitcoin is our last hope. If we don’t flip to some type of deflationary currency that incentivizes only consuming what is necessary and splurging occasionally, we are doomed.
He does make a valid point, allthough a bit too hysterical for my liking. It makes it difficult to use Bitcoin as a country’s currency imho. Unfortunately things like this will never be discussed in a balanced manner on either subs, the loudest and most fervent posts always fills up the top.
China is currently deflationary. If you can’t fit an extended period of time then that’s a different thing. The guy who posts this is 100% correct btw. Bitcoin is not a realistic currency. Store of value - absolutely nothing better.
Well, under the Latin union standard, the European economy of the 19th century was actually just that.
Goods and services were cheaper in 1914 than they were in 1815, because technical advancement made them cheaper for everyone. 
Its called capitalism,and it doesn't need any monetary expansion.
Monetary expansion is the opposite of capitalism: it promotes consumption over capital building because the thing you can buy now would cost more tomorrow.
Our economic system is programmed to collapse, and, on the contrary, Bitcoin might save it !

If you forget about the monetary theories (austrian or Keynesian) for a second and concentrate on physics that have made economic growth possible : an infinite growth on a finite planet is impossible. Bitcoin might be the solution for the human kind to prepare and adapt to peak oil, peak carbon, peak uranium, etc...
Ah, yes. I absolutely wouldnt buy that coffe for 2 dollars today because it might go down to 1.95 dollars tomorrow. Very nice logic indeed right there.
Classic Keynesian big brain thinking. Goods and services becoming cheaper is awful, spending on ANYTHING to pump GDP is great and inflation keeps the economy going whilst destroying your purchasing power and quality of life.
It will be a much better economy, when we are made to use CBDSs- one of the privileges is that we will have to spend these tokens in limited period of time or we are losing it...yep that\`s better than diflating BTC :)
even if Bitcoin is bad for the economy I'd rather hold an asset with a fixed supply than fiat. am I a bad person for not sinking together? will I be rewarded for being devalued?
I love that sub because it's basically just dipshits stumbling upon discredited economic models from first principles - in this case they've discovered MMT. 

What they fail to realise is that if deflation means the economy grinds to a halt because people don't buy stuff because they can get it cheaper in the future, why doesn't it work the same way in reverse?

In an inflationary environment, why don't businesses stop producing, because they can just wait for prices to rise and sell their goods at a higher price in the future?

With inflation at 10% last year, why was Starbucks bothering to sell any coffees? Why not just wait a year and then get an instant 10% revenue boost?

&#x200B;

Bet they can't answer that.
If prices decline 2% per year I stop paying rent and eating because I cannot lose such a superb appreciation. Why would any of you still buy things? Do you buy computers, mobile phones, etc? I never do because next year they will be even cheaper than 2%/year. That's why the tech sector is collapsing: nobody buys stuff, because prices are always lower.
You’re writing this on a computer or phone right? So at some point you thought it represented good value, even given next year it would be worth less.
If printing more money is so good, why does the Secret Service keep harassing me?  Checkmate, ~~atheists~~ economists!
BTC itself is still inflationary though. Although the amount halves every 4 years. The current inflation rate of BTC is 1.8%.

It will still be inflationary till 2140 although it gets smaller and smaller.
He's absolutely right.
Meanwhile, the "everyone is buying shit" (literally) economy is so awesome and totally not unfair

Basically garbage in = garbage out when it comes to these folks
He's right tho. That's basic economics.
So if prices go down on something no one will buy it? What about supply and demand? For instance, 300 years ago in order to have a cup of coffee you would have paid multiple times what you pay for it today, but as we get better at doing things through productivity improvements things’ prices go down, and surprise surprise people DO BUY THEM.
I swear these people are mentally disabled.
Zero economy background, Milton Friedman would be flipping in his grave now.
Surely low deflation is an ideal "sweet spot" in the same way that low inflation is, no? Not too much deflation that people never spend it but just enough that people can spend it without worrying that they wont be able to afford that same product tomorrow?
Image the world when people would only buy things they really need.
Fiat is not going away, smart people have always saved into assets that don’t inflate like fiat. BTC is just the best asset. They can keep their inflating currency to themselves lol.
You just provided the argument for it being digital gold instead of cash.
At least he got the point. Almost
The whole premise of their argument has to be one of the largest propagated lies/misconceptions ever spread. 

If you’re printing more money and there exists a risk free rate of return, then wouldn’t a dollar in your hand technically be worth more tomorrow since you can choose to purchase a government bond at the risk free rate? Isn’t this essentially the same scenario as they describe where you hold BTC and it’s worth more tomorrow than today (if more goods and services exist)

Why does the nominal amount of dollars need to keep pace with the supposed ‘growth’ of the economy? And why should a single entity of unelected and unaccountable bureaucrats be allowed to print these new dollars and decide where to allocate them (news flash: most of it is not going to you, at least not your fair share)? 

In my view, the fact that we have allowed the fed to ‘create’ all of this new wealth for half a century and hand it out to their friends has been slowly rotting the U.S. from the inside and will be the ultimate demise of any central bank based economy.
One principle: Time preference.

Time is the currency of life and nature. Can I stop buying food, clothing and housing? Probably not.

Even the most unnecessary products for surviving with regard to basic needs, electronics and nice clothing that is, empirically show that many consumers are willing to pay more to get an item earlier rather than later. You can wait one or two years to buy a new smartphone, you can also wait for black friday sales or sales in general for nice clothing. What do we see? Many consumers are aware of this and still buy these products.
Watch out people! This guy clearly read an Economics 101 books written by Keynes...
Why would I buy an apple for a dollar when I could buy it for a penny
You didn’t you bought it for a penny. Capitalism
Right. So the guy is saying that inflation is good because it means there's more dollars. My point is why not just buy the same thing for less. But they don't think that's good because more is better. He thinks people will hoard money when in reality they will just pay less money for the same products.
Yeah it totally wasn't down to the huge improvements in Technology that allowed production in scale and improvements in efficiency.
Or maybe the growth comes from people creating things that improved people’s life, not from the actual spending. Also, giving credit easily to people who can’t manage it doesn’t seem like a good idea, look at the 2008 crisis…
can't imagine we had an economy before that
Debt and credit are a good thing when used sensibly. Credit allows people to borrow money, which if used correctly allows purchases to increase production and lower expenses and ultimately lower costs to customers and make a more efficient economy. Think of a farmer trying to buy a tractor vs hiring 100 people. The tractor is more money initially but over the long run increases production and will lower inflation due to increased efficiency. This was using credit and debt, we have more ‘things’ in the world, and everyone wins. When people use credit to buy a TV however, this is when it becomes a problem. 

A deflationary economy is not a good thing to my knowledge, however a deflationary store of value, that’s a different thing. 

For the record I’m pro credit/debt when used sensibly and also pro Bitcoin as a store of value.
The problem with the debt/credit system that you describe is not with debt or credit but with who controls the issuance of the debt/credit. Under a bitcoin standard there will still be loans creating debt but banks won't be able to create credit out of nothing just because they have been given the legal right to fraud. 

I don't believe deflation is as much of a problem as some economists like to make out. Everyone has a limited amount of time on this planet so saving only lasts so long. People will still need to buy what they want at some point and they will still buy what they can afford. The only difference is that in an inflationary economy you bring the purchases forward and in a deflationary economy you might put them back a bit.
Indeed, tragedy of the common, and buying power are essential concepts everybody should know before jumping into basic economy. 

I wouldn't treat BTC as legal tender yet, because you still converting energy, and fiat currency to it. BTC will be legal tender when fiat becomes useless.
I was being sarcastic.
Did you read the post?
Bitcoin’s Speculative Attack On Fiat Currencyr/bitcoin: NO LEVERAGE!

also r/bitcoin: how about taking a loan on your bitcoin?

….
This is funny cus it is true
Yeah, don't do this
WERE DOING IT WERE ATTACKING FIAT
Why Not? Im doing it and so far it has been great. Of course only debt that is easy for me to repay
Thats Michaels Saylor Idea
I like the concept....
I'm doing this basically
???
This chart is not to scale
If we all do that we destroy the currency.. but I don't trust you
This assumes bitcoin/dollar is completely linear, which it obviously isn't! Risky strategy that could pay off big but could also fuck you
I did this currently 120% up
I'm doing that, AMA in 10 years
😂😂😂 there are so many idiots on this sub that I love seeing everyday.
Yeah. No. Don't do this.
