Litecoin wallet that supports importing secret keyPretty much the title. I have a single wallet which has just the private and public key pair. Every wallet app that I have encounter supports only importing the mnemonic phrase. So, is there any wallet where I can directly import the key and interact with blockchain?You can use litecoin core or exodus
Exodus only allows importing private keys for Bitcoin as of now.
Coinomi wallet has that feature and i can conform it works for litecoin.
Buying LTC under 18?Any way I can purchase LTC with my debit card under 18 in the U.S? I've been looking but can't find anything.You can get there in two hops.

1. Find a crypto ATM - Some (few) allow use with only a cell phone
2. Use an anonymous exchange (`fixedfloat`) to swap BTC (or whatever) for LTC
Get a family member to register on coinbase, and buy the coins then transfer them to your wallet, and you give them the cash?
They aren't really into crypto stuff, I've asked in the past about apps like coinbase but they think it's a scam or something. Is there any app I can just buy with card and have it deposit to my wallet without giving my ssn?
Save yourself while your ahead and don't purchase LTC unless you understand its very likely to stay stagnant price wise
I'm aware
Stagnant through a bear market is ideal especially when there’s no well known litecoin maxis out there, & it’s clear you don’t understand the cycle it goes through, Ltc moves 7-8 months after its halving which coincides with bitcoin’s halving & 3 months before its own halving.
Learn the cycles 🧩
If you’re in Canada or Peru I could help you.
U.S sadly
[removed]
underated coin*
Buy them on r/Cash4Cash, follow their rules to post
I'll take a took, thanks
Maybe https://kycnot.me/ and then with a swap. But asking someone who is over 18 may be more simple
There is a reason you can't buy below 18, maybe just wait? Never know, might get a substantial discount.
BitMart, Dex Trade or get yourself a ledger & buy through them.
Not really no. It's regulated. Just like you can't get a bank by yourself as a minor, especially without ID, but people can still give you cash. Good luck getting on a crypto exchange without ID, but people can still give you crypto.
I'll buy them for you
Actually??!
Trust me bro for real I would ;)
beware of scammer
